Revert "UI: fix variable formatting for jobs..." (#27705) (#28095)
hashicorp/nomad: .changelog/28095.txt

```release-note:bug

> ui: Fix a bug where starting or stopping jobs with HCL variables submitted via Terraform

Reviewer: Grammar feels off. After reading some of the references to catch the user-facing symptoms, I think this means something like

```suggestion
ui: Fix a bug where jobs with HCL variables submitted via Terraform could not be started or stopped in the web UI
```

Is that right?

Author: Yeah that's better!
